Minor typo updates (#2407)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/third-party-risk-integration/overview/index.md

This guide provides an example third-party risk provider implementation with your Okta org.

> >**Note:** Third-party risk events are shared with and received from Non-Okta Applications.  Non-Okta Applications include web-based, offline, mobile, or other software application functionality that are provided by you or a third party and interoperate with the Okta Service. You are not required to receive or utilize third-party risk events within Okta Risk Engine, but if you configure Okta Risk Engine to utilize third-party risk events, then you agree on behalf of your organization that Okta may receive and share data with the Non-Okta Application as necessary to provide this functionality. You may only utilize these third-party risk events if you are a customer of both Okta and the Non-Okta Application. Okta cannot guarantee continued partnerships or functionality with any Non-Okta Applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** Third-party risk events are shared with and received from non-Okta Applications.  Non-Okta Applications include web-based, offline, mobile, or other software application functionality that are provided by you or a third party and interoperate with the Okta Service. You aren't required to receive or use third-party risk events within Okta Risk Engine, but if you configure Okta Risk Engine to use third-party risk events, then you agree on behalf of your organization that Okta may receive and share data with the non-Okta Application as necessary to provide this functionality. You may only use these third-party risk events if you are a customer of both Okta and the non-Okta Application. Okta can't guarantee continued partnerships or functionality with any non-Okta Applications.
```
